>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
working with Photoshop, Quickeys.
There are a million Photoshop, Quickeys.
And I know a lot of them, and
I probably only know a small portion.
[LAUGH] I work very quickly in
Photoshop because of the Quickeys,
but I probably don't
know all of them myself.
There are some that are really worth
your time to commit to memory, and so
I put them here.
These are really, really important.
So V makes the Move tool, so
that you can move things around.
M is the Marquee tool.
If you hit first, first the Marquee
tool will always be a rectangle.
If you hit shift and M, then it'll go
to the next shape which is a circle.
And that's true for all of them.
So if there's tools nested in tools,
if you need to flip between them
really quickly, you use the Shift key.
G is a Paint bucket.
If you hit Shift+G, you'll get a gradient.
D is Default colors.
So the default colors are always black and
white.
So you might get fill for
background and foreground.
You might have two different colors.
Don't worry, I'm gonna work
in Photoshop in a minute and
this will become a little
bit more clearer.
But if you need to get back
to those default colors, D,
you can actually use X
to make them switch.
So if you have, if you have to
switch between foreground and
background color is really quick X.
T is for Text.
Once you're in the text, you can't use
the Quickeys cuz it thinks it's text.
That one always catches me.
[LAUGH] I'm always, wait, why does
it say V in the middle of my page?
I is the Eyedropper.
The Eyedropper tool is really great.
Because sometimes we wanna actually
pull colors out of images to use them,
and we're gonna do that
a little bit later today.